This is a function definition that takes a string digits as input and returns a list of strings.

This line defines a dictionary dic that maps each digit to a string of letters that can be produced by pressing that digit on a phone keypad.

This checks for an edge case where the input string digits is empty. In that case, the function returns an empty list.

A Cartesian product is a mathematical operation that takes two sets and returns a set of all possible ordered pairs that can be formed by combining one element from the first set with one element from the second set. In other words, if we have two sets A and B, the Cartesian product of A and B, denoted as A × B, is the set of all pairs (a, b) such that a is an element of A and b is an element of B.
In the context of the letterCombinations function, the Cartesian product is calculated using the product function from the itertools module. Instead of sets, the product function takes as input iterables (in this case, a list of strings) and returns an iterable of all possible ordered tuples that can be formed by combining one element from each iterable. For example, if we have two lists ['a', 'b'] and ['x', 'y'], the Cartesian product using the product function would be ('a', 'x'), ('a', 'y'), ('b', 'x'), ('b', 'y').
By computing the Cartesian product of the letter strings corresponding to each digit in the input string digits, the letterCombinations function is able to generate all possible combinations of letters that can be formed by pressing those digits on a phone keypad.
This loop creates a list chars of letter strings corresponding to each digit in the input string digits. The loop iterates over each character c in digits and appends the corresponding value of c in the dictionary dic to chars.

This line calculates the Cartesian product of the letter strings in chars using the product function from the itertools module. The * operator is used to unpack the list chars into separate arguments to the product function.

This loop creates a list list1 of strings by joining the tuples in the code iterable with the join method. The join method joins each string in the tuple with an empty separator, resulting in a single string of all the letters in the tuple. This string is then appended to the list list1.

This line returns the list of all possible letter combinations as the output of the function.
